Fix android builds requiring external (cgo) linking, but cgo is not enabled (#56)
cli/gh-extension-precompile: README.md

  release:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: cli/gh-extension-precompile@v2
        with:

>           go_version_file: go.mod

Author: I decided to change all examples to use `go_version_file` instead of `go_version`, including this main usage example. Let me know if you disagree 😁

To maximize portability of built products, this action builds Go binaries with [cgo](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cgo) disabled with the exception of [Android build targets](#building-for-android). To override cgo for all build targets, set the `CGO_ENABLED` environment variable:

```yaml
- uses: cli/gh-extension-precompile@v2
  env:
    CGO_ENABLED: 1
```

### Building for Android

`gh-extension-precompile@v2` introduces a breaking change by disabling `android-arm64` and `android-amd64` build targets by default due to [Go external linking requirements](https://github.com/cli/gh-extension-precompile/issues/50#issuecomment-2078086299).

To enable Android build targets:

1. `release_android` must be set to `true`
2. `android_sdk_version` must be set to a targeted [Android API level](https://developer.android.com/tools/releases/platforms)
3. `android_ndk_home` must be set to the path to Android NDK installed on Actions runner

   `cli/gh-extension-precompile` will use pre-installed Android tools on GitHub-managed runners by default; self-hosted runners will need to install and configure this input.

>    _For more information on Android NDK installed on GitHub-managed runners, see [`actions/runner-images`](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/main/images/ubuntu/Ubuntu2404-Readme.md#android)

Author: Fix missing `_`

```suggestion
   _For more information on Android NDK installed on GitHub-managed runners, see [`actions/runner-images`](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/main/images/ubuntu/Ubuntu2404-Readme.md#android)_
```

You can safely test out release automation by creating tags that have a `-` in them; for example: `v2.0.0-rc.1`. Such Releases will be published as _prereleases_ and will not count as a stable release of your extension.

> To maximize portability of built products, this action builds Go binaries with [cgo](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cgo) disabled unless you [enable building for Android targets](#building-for-android). To override cgo for all build targets, set the `CGO_ENABLED` environment variable:

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to avoid confusion that we enable CGO for all build targets because Android releases are enabled when CGO is only enabled for the Android build targets.

```suggestion
To maximize portability of built products, this action builds Go binaries with [cgo](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cgo) disabled with the exception of [Android build targets](#building-for-android). To override cgo for all build targets, set the `CGO_ENABLED` environment variable:
```

```yaml
- uses: cli/gh-extension-precompile@v2
  env:
    CGO_ENABLED: 1
```

### Building for Android

> As of `gh-extension-precompile@v2`, building for Android targets like `android-arm64` and `android-amd64` is disabled by default. To enable building for Android targets, set at least the `release_android` and `android_sdk_version` action inputs:
> 
> ```yaml
> - uses: cli/gh-extension-precompile@v2
>   with:
>     go_version_file: go.mod
>     release_android: true
>     android_sdk_version: 34
> ```
> 
> If you are running the workflow on a GitHub hosted runner, you do not need to set the `android_ndk_home` input. The Android SDK Build-tools and environment variables required to build for Android targets are [pre-installed and configured on GitHub hosted runners](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/8cdc506384655ceaaa62d3f800e15b844e06bea4/images/ubuntu/Ubuntu2404-Readme.md?plain=1#L214-L233). 
> 
> However, if you are running the workflow on a self-hosted runner, you need to also configure the `android_ndk_home` action input to the installation path of the Android NDK on the runner:
> 
> ```yaml
> - uses: cli/gh-extension-precompile@v2
>   with:
>     go_version_file: go.mod
>     release_android: true
>     android_sdk_version: 34
>     android_ndk_home: /path/to/android-ndk
> ```

Reviewer: I'm wondering how this might be simplified 🤔 

```suggestion
`gh-extension-precompile@v2` introduces a breaking change by disabling `android-arm64` and `android-amd64` build targets by default due to [Go external linking requirements](https://github.com/cli/gh-extension-precompile/issues/50#issuecomment-2078086299).

To enable Android build targets:

1. `release_android` must be set to `true`
2. `android_sdk_version` must be set to a targeted [Android API level](https://developer.android.com/tools/releases/platforms)
3. `android_ndk_home` must be set to the path to Android NDK installed on Actions runner

   `cli/gh-extension-precompile` will use pre-installed Android tools on GitHub-managed runners by default; self-hosted runners will need to install and configure this input.

   _For more information on Android NDK installed on GitHub-managed runners, see [`actions/runner-images`](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/main/images/ubuntu/Ubuntu2404-Readme.md#android)
```

Author: Love it! Thank you for seeing that opportunity to simplify what I was writing ❤️
